 CLEAN AND SIMPLE
1) Establishing Visual Hierarchy 

- Define where user will look first
- Define main message 
- Formulate a flow that corresponds to the content's message == lead the user where you want him/her to go
- Decide the relationship between each section and use whitespace to represent that

2) ICONs
- used as guides for content points
- are always labled
- use vector icons (scalable) not static images

3) Images

1. Put text directly on the image

2. Overlay the image

3. Put your text in a box

4. Blur the image

5. The floor fade

6. use SVG pictures as much as possible instead of just simple colors and static images


4) Fonts and Beautiful Typography

1. Use a font-size between 15 and 25 pixels for body text

2. Use (really) big font sizes for headlines

3. Bigger font--> smaller font size

4. preffered sans serif

5. Use a line spacing between 120 and 150% of the font size

6. 45 to 90 characters per line

7. Use good fonts, sources: google fonts

8. Chose a font which reflects the look and feel you want for your website

9. Use only one font (one for headers, one for text is fine)



Using Colors Like a Pro

1. Use only one base color

2. Use a tool if you want to use more colors

3. Use color to draw attention

4. Never use black in your design

5. Choose colors wisely




Working with icons

1. Use icons to list features/steps

2. Use icons for actions and links

3. Icons should be recognizable

4. Label your icons

5. Icons should not take a center stage

6. Use icon fonts whenever possible



Spacing and layout

1. Put whitespace between your elements

2. Put whitespace between your groups of elements

3. Put whitespace between you website's sections

4. Define where you want your audience to look first

5. Establish a flow that corresponds to your content's message

6. Use whitespace to build that flow



Improve your website's conversion

1. Build trust with your future customer

2. Repeat your primary action

3. Grab your user's attention

4. Tell your user the benefit

5. Don't ask for too much information

6. Use social proof

7. Use urgency

8. Use scarcity

